[MTM-59422] RN This fix addresses a critical security issue that coul… (#2145)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-409-0-fixed-critical-security-issue.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed critical security issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed critical security issue
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-59422
version: 10.20.409.0
---

> *This fix addresses a critical security issue that could have potentially affected the platform's integrity.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This fix addresses a critical security issue that whilst has the ability to impact the integrity of Cumulocity IoT, is random in nature and is therefore not targetable.
```

Reviewer: @pink-mongoose Do we intentionally not provide any details about the issue/fix?
